the reason why I'm in San Francisco this
week is to hang out with these cool
people and shoot an awesome video for
premiere so everyone say hi it's all the
fun Adobe team yes we're shooting with
c100 see three hundredths see three
hundredths got a fancy lighting setup
that I never I have a Carl I never have
a Carl he's running the teleprompter and
I think it went well alright guys follow
my dog little Ricky big girls
Ricky big rolls it really makes your
videos go from just okay - awesome all
this in the same app with one Creative
Cloud membership it's so cool
not only that but for those that make
video take a big run right before and
just charm me who I'm the campus with
media encoder you can also publish
directly to sites like YouTube Facebook
and Twitter we have been shooting all
morning just finished up with recording
for the two videos the audio and the
on-camera stuff so there's like a break
lunch another person's filming and I'm
gonna go back and film like me on the
computer and stuff can't wait to get
back into it
so the shoot has been fun so far but
it's getting late and I haven't been
able to vlog that much so it's time for
a snapchat cue a critic great question I
think the thing that I was most nervous
about is having a camera and having to
document everything of the day and but
what I choose to do is kind of just pick
out one cool moment of the day document
that and do that sometimes I might do it
like that where I have my camera you
know from the start of the day to the
end but what's fun about daily vlogging
is you can kind of change it up every
day it's you know making something every
day is kind of what I consider daily
vlogging so we'll see how long I last
maximilien I did not go to film school I
learned on the Internet
I learned via YouTube I learned the
mentors so just get out there and get
hustling I'm loving my sonís so much I
switched from Canon to a sony a7s 2 and
an a7 r2 and I will make a video all
about my cameras which very soon it's
not really a filter but I am obsessed
with me like floating emojis that can
track with your motion best best things
snapchat has ever done snowboarding
surfing dirt-boarding knee boarding
what's your favorite type of boarding my
favorite kind of boarding is by beach
usually in California on a very flat
ground with like a short Cruiser or
something I like little boards
to listen to one song for the rest of
your life what would it be that is
literally the hardest question ever one
song that always lifts my spirits and I
wouldn't mind listening for the rest of
my life is no place I'd rather be
rather be by Jess Glynne my favorite
support team has to be the Dallas
Cowboys cuz I'm from Dallas it's very
hard to be a cowboy sooner but it's just
what I know I think with daily vlogging
it's easier for people to get in like a
flow of watching you and since I already
have an audience I see it as one a way
to grow but to it's something that I
think you guys like on YouTube and kind
of just expect and it's it's a fun space
that I feel like I can experiment in
because I feel like a lot of people are
doing the same thing and uploading every
day is scary but it's exciting because
there's room to grow this room to do
cool stuff he has so much further
questions I will see you in tomorrow's
vlog I have to go get back to filming
but in the meantime stay peachy see you
tomorrow so night is thing but surfers
if you go to the boosted board website